Note Jon Snow does not exist!
Note Robert Baratheon created successfully with links to 0 notes.
Robert Baratheon: King Robert Baratheon was the seventeenth ruler of the Seven Kingdoms and the first king of the Baratheon dynasty. 0 links. 0 tags.
No tags.
Robert Baratheon tagged with #dead.
Robert Baratheon tagged with #king.
Robert Baratheon tagged with #drunk.
Robert Baratheon: King Robert Baratheon was the seventeenth ruler of the Seven Kingdoms and the first king of the Baratheon dynasty. 0 links. 3 tags.
Note Robert Baratheon is already tagged with #dead!
Robert Baratheon: King Robert Baratheon was the seventeenth ruler of the Seven Kingdoms and the first king of the Baratheon dynasty. 0 links. 3 tags.
Note Robert Baratheon is already tagged with #drunk!
Robert Baratheon tagged with Alive.
Robert Baratheon tagged with #brute force.
Robert Baratheon tagged with alive.
Robert Baratheon tagged with Loved Lyanna.
#brute force
#dead
#drunk
#king
Alive
Loved Lyanna
alive
Note Robert Baratheon marriage created successfully with links to 3 notes.
Note Robert Baratheon brothers created successfully with links to 4 notes.
Robert Baratheon brothers: Robert Baratheon had two brothers: Renly Baratheon and Stannis Baratheon. Stannis Baratheon declared himself Robert’s rightful heir and assassinated Renly using bloodmagic. 4 links. 0 tags.
Robert Baratheon marriage: Robert Baratheon married Cersei Lannister to strengthen an alliance with House Lannister. 3 links. 0 tags.
Robert Baratheon: King Robert Baratheon was the seventeenth ruler of the Seven Kingdoms and the first king of the Baratheon dynasty. 0 links. 7 tags.
Robert Baratheon marriage tagged with will not last.
Robert Baratheon marriage tagged with many kids, none shared by the couple.
Robert Baratheon marriage: Robert Baratheon married Cersei Lannister to strengthen an alliance with House Lannister. 3 links. 2 tags.
Robert Baratheon
Cersei Lannister
House Lannister
many kids, none shared by the couple
will not last
Cersei Lannister: Cersei Lannister. 0 links. 0 tags.
House Lannister: House Lannister. 0 links. 0 tags.
bloodmagic: bloodmagic. 0 links. 0 tags.
Renly Baratheon: Renly Baratheon. 0 links. 0 tags.
Stannis Baratheon: Stannis Baratheon. 0 links. 0 tags.
Robert Baratheon
Cersei Lannister
House Lannister
bloodmagic: bloodmagic. 0 links. 0 tags.
Robert Baratheon
Renly Baratheon
Stannis Baratheon
bloodmagic
bloodmagic: bloodmagic. 0 links. 0 tags.
No linked notes.
bloodmagic: bloodmagic. 0 links. 0 tags.
No linked notes.
bloodmagic: bloodmagic. 0 links. 0 tags.
No linked notes.
No linked notes.
Note Cersei Lannister quote created successfully with links to 2 notes.
Note Cunk on the Tudors created successfully with links to 1 notes.
Cersei Lannister quote: Cersei Lannister explains Ned Stark the consequences of being played by Sean Bean. 2 links. 0 tags.
Cunk on the Tudors: In this episode, Cunk investigates the Tudors and their impact on modern Britain. She meets historians, actors, and even a real-life Tudor to find out what really happened during this tumultuous period in British history. With her trademark wit and irreverence, Cunk uncovers the truth (yeah, right) behind the myths and legends of the Tudors, revealing a world of intrigue, betrayal, and scandal that still resonates today. 1 links. 0 tags.
Note Cunk on the War of the Roses created successfully with links to 2 notes.
Note Cunk on Hampton Court created successfully with links to 0 notes.
Cunk on Hampton Court: In this episode, Philomena Cunk shares her insights on Hampton Court and its relation to harp music. 0 links. 0 tags.
Cunk on the War of the Roses: In this episode, Philomena Cunk figures out why England is so important. 2 links. 0 tags.
Cersei Lannister quote: Cersei Lannister explains Ned Stark the consequences of being played by Sean Bean. 2 links. 0 tags.
Robert Baratheon brothers: Robert Baratheon had two brothers: Renly Baratheon and Stannis Baratheon. Stannis Baratheon declared himself Robert’s rightful heir and assassinated Renly using bloodmagic. 4 links. 0 tags.
Robert Baratheon marriage: Robert Baratheon married Cersei Lannister to strengthen an alliance with House Lannister. 3 links. 2 tags.
Robert Baratheon: King Robert Baratheon was the seventeenth ruler of the Seven Kingdoms and the first king of the Baratheon dynasty. 0 links. 7 tags.
Note Henry VIII was a catholic created successfully with links to 2 notes.
Cersei Lannister quote: Cersei Lannister explains Ned Stark the consequences of being played by Sean Bean. 2 links. 0 tags.
Henry VIII was a catholic: According to Philomena Cunk, Henry VIII is also memorable for his chronic wife addiction. He had six wives, all called Catherine. He was a Catherine-a-holic, or Cath-holic for short. He got through so many Catherines he actually got bored of killing them. 2 links. 0 tags.
Cersei Lannister quote tagged with #foreshadowing.
Cersei Lannister quote tagged with #quote.
Cersei Lannister quote tagged with #game of thrones.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #Anne Boleyn was called Catherine, apparently.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #Anne of Cleves was also a Catherine.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #Jane Seymour was also, you guessed, a Catherine.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #Catherine Parr was the last Catherine.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #Catherine Howard was the fifth wife.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #Catherine of Aragon was the first wife.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #widow.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #murderer.
Henry VIII was a catholic tagged with #jerk.
#Anne Boleyn was called Catherine, apparently
#Anne of Cleves was also a Catherine
#Catherine Howard was the fifth wife
#Catherine Parr was the last Catherine
#Catherine of Aragon was the first wife
#Jane Seymour was also, you guessed, a Catherine
#jerk
#murderer
#widow
#foreshadowing
#game of thrones
#quote
No tags.
Cunk on the Tudors: In this episode, Cunk investigates the Tudors and their impact on modern Britain. She meets historians, actors, and even a real-life Tudor to find out what really happened during this tumultuous period in British history. With her trademark wit and irreverence, Cunk uncovers the truth (yeah, right) behind the myths and legends of the Tudors, revealing a world of intrigue, betrayal, and scandal that still resonates today. 1 links. 0 tags.
Bye!
